All right.
We know the basics about the linear grains How about we check it out some external resources that are
gonna help us tremendously as we're working with linear ingredients.
So we're gonna head over to our good goals for Google and then I'm gonna write not learn I'm going to
say CSX he near a gradient generator.
So that's gonna be my text.
Now the moment we take that surprise surprise this is what we're gonna be getting in our search and
we're gonna be looking for is yes as gradient generator from the colors.
Now what's really cool about this is that we can come up with whatever colors we would like and we can
really set up our gradient and they all gonna spit out that the code and we just need to copy and paste
it into our browser.
Meaning I'm sorry into to our tech center now you'll see a lot of mumbo jumbo here.
And the reason for that is we're not gonna cover this right now but there is something called browser
prefixes.
And don't worry about them right now again only thing you need to do is just grab just code and copy
and paste it and everything is gonna be working fine in your project later on towards the end of the
CSO senatorial before we start working on the project.
We're just gonna take a look at what are the browser prefixes and why would want to use them.
But for now probably don't pay too much of attention over here.
And I know there's a lot of code in here but just keep in mind that you only need to copy and paste
it and you're good to go.
Now first let's say we can choose whatever directions there's gonna be or orientation horizontal vertical
diagonal radial doesn't really matter let's go with a horizontal then also we can choose the color format.
Now we can go hex or we can go with our GBM.
Now I can tell you right away even though you're going to choose the hex color.
However if you're not start changing the opacity what's gonna happen is we all going to automatically
switch to our GPA.
So just because you picked text if you're going to let's say change the opacity or transparency then
the format is automatically going to be our GPA.
Now let's say this would be the hex color so what kind of color you would like.
Again we click on this box here we just click here.
Let's say we want to go with the red one you want to change the opacity.
Here we go.
We can change the opacity.
We can say that I don't know what the pastor is going to be something like this.
And again we can clip it here.
So then we'll do the same thing where I'm changing the opacity.
So now this is gonna be a little bit more transparent than the same thing I can do over here.
Let's go here maybe with the green one.
This is not what I want.
I would want to click Oh here and then I'm gonna say I don't know.
Are we picking something like this.
So that's pretty much going to be my transparency right here.
And then also if you want to change something here let's say color you want to remove this color just
delete it.
So I would just say here that there's that just delete it.
So we get this color.
You want to delete this color or we can delete this color.
So now we're getting this hard.
You want to add one more color.
Let's say you change your mind as you're hovering Norris.
We can just click it here.
This is going to on the plus side and let's say that this is gonna be my color.
Now I'm not going to show you each and every possible option or understand that this gives you a lot
of flexibility.
So like I said what we would need to do is just grab this code that we have.
Again we can.
There's many ways we can copy this but I mean I'm just gonna select this all we can copy and I'm gonna
head over back to the next e-mail.
I'm gonna call this Dave I don't know what color zilla.
Just so we can see that color zilla.
This is how they were spelling ultimate colors zilla.
Yeah I think that's gonna be fine.
And then we'll save the stars assess as well as well just gonna have the colors Zilla and you know what
let's do it like this.
Let's just copy and paste it and see how this is gonna work.
So if I'm gonna save it.
Sure enough this is gonna be my Dave and I have everything working with my gradients.
So we have successfully copy and paste it.
Now if you want to change the direction you can always change direction and so on and so forth.
So if you don't want to let change just settle for the basic colors that we're picking only two colors.
You can always head over to color though and pick whatever gradient you would like.